Update checkpoint schema description (#1682)
delta-io/delta: PROTOCOL.md

|    |-- dataChange: boolean
```

Observe that `readerFeatures` and `writerFeatures` fields should comply with:

> - If a table has readerVersion 3, then a writer must write checkpoints with a not-null readerFeatures in the schema.
> - If a table has writerVersion 7, then a writer must write checkpoints with a not-null writerFeatures in the schema.
> - If a table has neither of the above, then a writer chooses whether to write readerFeatures and/or writerFeatures into the checkpoint schema. But if it does, their values must be null.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a table has Reader Version 3, then a writer must write checkpoints with a not-null `readerFeatures` in the schema.
- If a table has Writer Version 7, then a writer must write checkpoints with a not-null `writerFeatures` in the schema.
- If a table has neither of the above, then a writer chooses whether to write `readerFeatures` and/or `writerFeatures` into the checkpoint schema. But if it does, their values must be null.
```
